Once a year at the Kingdom Fair, a King rewards the winner of a marathon race with the best available plot of land in the kingdom to farm. The kingdom's best runners come to the fair with the hopes of achieving financial freedom from a life of serfdom. One year, while Kingdom City buzzed with excitement about the Kingdom Fair marathon, Jimmy -- the child of farmer parents in a remote hamlet of the kingdom (called "Remote Hamlet") -- arrived, having trained all year to take the prize. Desperate to have land of their own and having sold all their worldly belongings, Jimmy's family sent him to Kingdom City as their last hope of grasping their dream of a plot of land to call their own.

Despite the conditions of many in the Kingdom, the King's rules did not place any restrictions on entrants in the race. This meant that others like Igor, the child of a local merchant family, could enter the race to add to family holdings. For Igor's family, winning this plot served as one more way to add to their already-burgeoning fortune of land holdings that they then rent back to farmers at extortionate prices. Like Jimmy, Igor trained all year to take part in the race but had one key advantage: their family had hired the winners of the previous 10 races as trainers for their child's attempt. It was almost a foregone conclusion that Igor would win.

The day of the race came, and Jimmy and Igor lined up with the other contestants on the starting line. Preparing for the race, Jimmy pinned their mother's jeweled brooch -- the last item of any value he had -- to his shirt. As the starter cried "START!" the entire field took to the course. Each had trained as hard as they could, but as the miles wore on, fewer and fewer stayed in the lead pack until it had dwindled to 10 runners entering forest section of the race.

Despite their best efforts, the King's marathon officials could not clearly mark the route throught the forest and Jimmy found himself off the course running next to a horse-drawn cart ambling through the forest on a worn cart track. The driver, headed to the finish line to see the end of the race noticed Jimmy and made him an offer: if Jimmy hopped on the cart, the driver could take him to the finish line and it would be likely that Jimmy would win. The driver, however, demanded payment for the shortcut, eyeing Jimmy's brooch. The various pressures of the day wore on Jimmy's conscience, and he handed over the brooch, hopping on the back of the cart.

Just as they came to the edge of the forest, the driver advised Jimmy to hop off the cart and run to the right along the timber line of the forest at the end of which the driver indicated would be the finish line, a location more than a half hour away. Setting off, Jimmy ran for an hour -- then an hour more -- before realizing he'd been tricked.